docs(tutorials): reviewed content MTA-1876 (#525)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/add-disk-configure-datastore-esxi/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to order an additional disk and use it in ESXi as datastore
  description: This page shows how to order an additional hard disk for a Dedibox and how to use it in ESXi as datastore.
content:
  h1: How to order an additional disk and use it in ESXi as datastore
  paragraph: This page shows how to order an additional hard disk for a Dedibox and how to use it in ESXi as datastore.
tags: compute server esxi data storage hard-disk disk additonal
categories:
  - dedicated-servers
  - dedibox
image: /assets/scaleway_add_disk.webp
dates:
  validation: 2022-04-04
  posted: 2020-01-21
---

## Additional disks with ESXi hypervisor - Overview

> On [Dedibox](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/), you can order as many [additional disks](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/storage/local-disks/) as you need. They can then, for instance, be used as additional Datastore in [ESXi](https://www.vmware.com/products/esxi-and-esx.html) to store your virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On [Dedibox](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/), you can order as many [additional disks](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/storage/local-disks/) as you need. They can be used as additional Datastore in [ESXi](https://www.vmware.com/products/esxi-and-esx.html) to store your virtual machines, for example.
```

A range of different SATA, SAS, and SSD disks is available. Depending on the server chassis, the number of available slots may differ.

This guide explains how to order an additional disk from the Dedibox console and how to use it as datastore in a local ESXi environment by following these steps:

> Note that instead of adding additoonal disks to your server, you can also use remote storage based on our [RPN-SAN](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/storage/rpn-san/) product to add an additional datastore to your ESXi host.

Reviewer: mettre ça dans une message box?
```suggestion
Note that instead of adding additional disks to your server, you can also use remote storage based on our [RPN-SAN](https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/storage/rpn-san/) service to add an additional datastore to your ESXi host.
```
